80 consolidate hosted osi documentation sources (#81)
OpenSimulationInterface/osi-documentation: content/general_docs/osi_repos.adoc

The source code and documentation for OSI and OSI-related tools are spread over several repositories:

https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface[open-simulation-interface]::
Main repository containing the interface description based on Google's Protocol Buffers, including helper scripts and test scripts.
Hosts the .proto files.

> https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/osi-documentation[osi-documentation]:: Source for the OSI user guide sources.

Author: ```suggestion
https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/osi-documentation[osi-documentation]:: Source for the AsciiDoc files used to compile the general chapters of the OSI documentation.
```
